[WPApi] refactor args annotation (#2)
wonderwp/API: README.md

    
        // Or success response
        return new WP_REST_Response([
            'questions' => [],
        ]);
    }
    
    public function canFetchQuestions(WP_REST_Request $request) 
    {
        $user = wp_get_current_user();
        
        /* processing verification */
        
        return true;
    }
    
    public function convertToInt($param, $request, $key)
    {
        /* Processing sanitize method */
        return (int) $param;
    }
}
```

The namespace could be define globaly.
For example to create this endpoint `https://domain.test/wp-json/questions/v1/delete-question/1` 

```php
/**
 * @WPApiNamespace(
 *     namespace="questions"
 * )
 */
class QuestionApiService extends AbstractApiService
{
/**
     * @WPApiEndpoint(
     *     url = "/delete-question/(?P<id>\d+)",
     *     args = {
     *      "methods": "DELETE",
     *      "permission_callback": "canDeleteQuestion"
     *     }
     * )
     */
    public function deleteQuestion(WP_REST_Request $request)
    {
        /* Processing deletion */
    }
    
    public function canDeleteQuestion()
    {}
}
```

### Important notice

> For `sanitize_callback`, `validate_callback` and `permission_callback`, we are looking for an instance method on the same class of the annotation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because we cannot reference `$this` from within an annotation, for any callback function specified inside a @WPApiEndpoint annotation, be it `sanitize_callback`, `validate_callback`, `permission_callback` and so on, the provided callback name (for example `myFunction`), is first looked for on the same class instance than the method carrying out the annotation. If not found there, it's then looked for on the global namespace (like a function name)
```
